Welcome to Barbados.
All visitors please proceed...
Ok, come on.
It's not much farther.
How about a piggyback ride?
I will fall over.
But it's just so heavy.
Yeah, right. Ok.
Thanks, Mom.
There's no Wifi.
There'll be some
at the hotel.
I told grandma I'd text her
when we landed.
Yes, but this trip isn't about texting,
it's about unplugging.
So you're not gonna be
on your phone at all?
Please don't do this.
I have such a pounding headache.
Your allergies,
they're the worst.
All right, check it out,
buddy.
7 pools, 9 waterslides,
a mile-long lazy river,
and if you dare,
there's roaring rapids.
Don't forget about
the dolphins.
Oh, yeah. Did you make
that reservation?
10 a.m. tomorrow.
Can we surf on them?
Yeah.
No.
Ah, here we go.
Yeah, yeah, that's...
Yay.
Oh, no.
Website said the last
shuttle left at 10:00.
I lost track of time.
Want to take a taxi?
No, we have too much stuff.
We'll never fit.
We'd have to take two cabs.
It's late.
I don't want to split up.
Ok. Ok.
Ok.
Oh, hang on.
Hey, how much to take us
to the Grand Royal?
I hope this guy
can take us.
Thanks.
This guy, 45 minutes,
45 bucks.
Great.
Hop in, kids.
There's complimentary
water in the cooler.
Oh, thanks.
Hey, guys,
get these down, ok?
Mm-hmm?
Honey?
This is the best way to avoid any bugs
you got on the plane.
Mm.
Driver: So where you guys from?
Uh, D.C. area.
You ever been?
When I was a kid, yeah.
Loved the museums.
We got some good places
around here you should check out.
Your kids into history?
Sure.
I'll make you a list.
Thanks, that'd be great.
Hey, I think Al's upset
we didn't get her that plan.
Can we fix that tomorrow?
Greg.
Everything ok?
Yeah. It's a gift.
He can fall asleep anywhere.
Come on, you guys. Hello!
This isn't funny. Wake up.
Greg?
Greg!
Ok, something's wrong.
You need to pull over.
Where are you going?!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
The Sullivan family disappeared
in Barbados 8 hours ago.
From the airport?
How old
are the children?
10 and 14.
Here we go again.
Barbados? Americans
on foreign soil
is Jack Garrett's territory.
Cruz says
there's more to it.
How you been, Jack?
Busy. I wish this
was under better circumstances.
Want to fill us in?
All right,
one last thing.
We know that you're all
at the top of your class,
but any ideas on why I
chose you for this rotation?
Our knowledge
of international law?
Well, that certainly helps.
But your essays revealed
moments that forever changed
the way you look
at the world.
It's your passion for justice.
That's why you're here.
That's what you need
to hold on to.
All right, send me
your thoughts
on the anti-kidnapping initiative
and we will discuss next time.
Thanks, Agent Lambert.
It's Lily.
Jack's on his way.
Wants to debrief in five.
Where's the case?
Barbados.
Family's been kidnapped.
Ok, I need the legal
statutes.
You are the best.
Ambassador's on line 2.
Oh, and see if the Caribbean court
has any revisions.
Ambassador.
Yes, we just heard.
Absolutely.
Matt, hold on.
We'll call you from
the tarmac with our ETA.
See you soon.
How far away are you?
I just left the house.
Matt is 20 minutes away.
Well, tell him he's driving.
Did you hear that?
Yeah. Copy that.
Cruz briefed
Hotch and Rossi.
Is he gathering
the rest of the BAU?
As we speak. Everything
ready in Barbados?
It's coordinated
with the ambassador.
Great.
Our unsub's eluded
both domestic
and international
teams,
and we're not about
to let him get away with it again.
As you all remember,
last April the Isaacs family
was killed in Florida,
and the Everetts were killed in Aruba
the year before that.
Both families were found
24 hours after they were taken.
Each family member
had been strangled
and their bodies were dumped
in a remote area.
The trails went cold.
All signs pointed
to the Everetts
being his first victims.
Because of the hands-on,
intimate nature of the kills,
we thought
it was personal.
And we built on that theory
with the Isaacs in Florida, but to no avail.
Now that he's moved
internationally again,
it's time to rethink
the motive.
It's clear he gets off
on hunting American families
when they're on vacation.
Just over 8 hours ago he abducted
the Sullivans from Barbados.
It feels like he's
establishing a clear pattern.
He started overseas,
came back to the states,
and now he's gone
to another country again.
The month of April
has some sort of significance to him.
Maybe it's easy
hunting season.
All the kills were during
spring break vacations.
It takes guts and skill
to snatch a whole family,
but you wouldn't know it
by watching him.
Rossi: The higher the risk,
the lower his heart rate.
A true sociopath.
And the family's too tired
from a long day of travel
to see the ruse.
And the unsub's probably
too charismatic
to set off any
instinctual alarms.
Cruz: I need both domestic and international
teams working together on this.
If our unsub
sticks to his pattern,
he'll kill the Sullivans
by sunrise.
Kate, you and Reid go to the
Sullivans' house in Fairfax county.
Look for links between
them and the other victims.
We need to establish whether
he's stalking them at their homes
before
they take their trips.
The rest of us
will head to Barbados.
Sir, we don't have
a lot of time.
Please tell me Monty's
on this with us.
Yes, he's on his way.
Agent Simmons will be with us.
So, our jet or yours?
We'll flip for it.
♪ Criminal Minds 10x18 ♪
Beyond Borders
Original Air Date on April 8, 2015
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
♪  ♪
Hotch: "No matter
how fast light travels,
it finds the darkness
is always there first."
Terry Pratchett.
Jack: We'll be ready
for takeoff in 5 minutes..
3 families, 3 countries
in 3 years.
This guy's on a mission.
What's he trying
to prove?
Each kill makes him feel
more empowered.
He's addicted to it.
Thinks he's invincible.
Well, he isn't.
Hey, hey, haven't seen
you guys in a while.
Morgan: Matt Simmons.
Passing ships, man.
How you doing?
Good.
Hi.
Morgan, you married yet.
Working on it.
So, uh, how old's
the baby now?
Which one?
He's quite a breeder.
I have 4 under 3.
Wow.
Last round was twins.
Oh, my god.
Your wife is a saint.
That she is.
So you know what I thought
was weird about Florida
is that there were no drugs
found in any of the victims' systems,
which is strange, because I figured
that's how he was controlling them.
Yeah, I thought the same
thing in Aruba.
Nothing showed up
in the tox screen.
But their metabolism could have
gone through a hypno in a few hours.
True. It's easy, cheap,
efficient.
He used some kind
of leather ligature
to beat them
and finish the job.
Our guess was a belt.
It must mean something
to him.
Well, that weapon
versus bare hands
certainly prolongs
the strangulation.
He gets off on controlling
their lives until the very end.
He could have kept
hunting in Florida.
It's a target rich
environment for his type.
Right. But he didn't.
Instead he chose Barbados,
of all places.
More couples than families
who vacation there.
He's making it harder
on himself.
And us.
There's not much going on
here evidence wise.
Except those ball caps.
The first two times
he wore orange,
now he's switched to blue.
Bonjour, crime-fighters
times two. Ok,
I did some digging
on the Sullivans
and they just got
their passports.
This trip was their
first stamp.
Inexperienced travelers
tend to make the easiest targets
because they're isolated,
they're stressed from customs,
sometimes there's even
a language barrier.
And all those unfamiliar
sights and sounds
add to their culture shock.
Yeah, that's why airports
are the biggest trap.
A few creature comforts,
ATMs, restaurants,
they trick you into
letting your guard down.
There are predators
waiting to strike.
Yeah, well, I ran their specs through
ViCAP and Interpol again,
and the only things
that are dinging
are the suitcases
we already know about.
Garcia, coordinate with
the State department
on passport activity in Barbados
and cross that with Aruba
copy, copy.
From a few years ago.
Monty, Monty!
You come here to me. Oh!
You can put yourself there.
All right.
Greg Sullivan's parents
just checked in downstairs.
Yeah? And?
The ones
who called this in.
Would you like
to meet them?
Oh, I don't do--
I thought that you
just stayed back
with the T-1 line like me.
Is that something you do all the time?
Yeah. Since my team's
usually an ocean away,
it means that
I'm the only one here
to let the loved ones know
we're doing the best we can.
What if it's not
a happy thing?
Then it's a really bad day.
Wow. That sounds lonely.
Sometimes it is,
but we're not going
to think about that right now,
because what
this family needs
is a little sunshine.
Ok.
Come on. Let's do this.
You're the only person
I'd do this with.
Updated alarm system, no dog doors
or hidden points of entry.
Garage is even detached.
I don't think the unsub
infiltrated this house
without them knowing.
Is this the stuff
you got from Florida?
Well, all the families took the
same cautious approach while traveling.
So, he didn't stalk them
from home, he did it from Barbados.
Probably tracked
the flights on his phone,
saw the delays, and
knew that he'd found his victim type.
Yeah, obviously
he has a clear ideal.
Statistically,
annihilators are fathers
who've lost or killed
their own families
and are trying to replace
their role in the unit.
Ok, so let's see what type
of father he wants to be.
My guess is the M.E.
report will support your theory.
It's good to see you.
Jack, how you been?
Great, thanks.
Of course you know
Lambert and Simmons.
This is the embassy's
regional security officer.
Fitz, this is the team
I was telling you about.
SSAs Hotchner, Rossi,
Morgan, and Jareau.
They're experts
in family annihilators
and worked this
offender's case last year.
Well, I hate that it takes
another abduction
to bring out
all the big guns,
but I'm glad you're here.
Come on in.
I'll show you around.
The ambassador
wants to keep this quiet.
'Cause he doesn't want the host
government to be embarrassed.
10,000 Americans victimized
overseas each year
and State's worried
about diplomacy.
In this case,
it's island economics.
Anything that stops
money from coming in
gets swept under
the rug.
Other places, challenges
can be more political.
If we thought other families
were in danger,
I'd argue that we should
make a statement,
but I think this guy
has what he wants.
Matt: What about the van?
Tags were stolen.
Registered to a rotting VW bus.
Of course.
And the make, model,
and color all match
a popular service van on the island.
They're a dime a dozen.
And what about the driver?
Are there a lot of Americans
driving shuttles
around here?
Half the service industry are expats
who work here all winter.
Problem is, most people don't report
their presence in the embassy,
so we have no record
of knowing who's even here.
Well, he's been here long enough to know
his way around back roads.
This kind of ruse isn't
easy to pull off at night.
Our technical analysts
are tracking passport activity
over the past 6 months.
That's a good start.
Morgan, you an JJ should
head to the abduction site.
Simmons, go ahead
and join them.
I'm gonna run leads
in town. You want to come?
Great.
Sounds good.
And then there were two.
It seems like you've got
a great team there.
So do you.
If the pattern holds,
we've only got 12 hours
to find them alive.
Woman:
Olly olly oxen free.
Olly olly oxen free!
Man: Look at me!
You ruin everything!
Greg! Greg, help us!
Colleen!
Greg, help us!
Man: I'll show you!
Stop crying!
Daddy, please!
No, daddy!
It's our job
to protected them.
No matter how old they are,
they're still our children.
Oh, my goodness.
No, you can't blame yourself.
Last year, around
this same time,
I read this story
about this family in Florida.
They also
were on vacation.
Oh, please, just tell us
it wasn't the same monster.
Men like that
seem like monsters.
But they're
actually human.
And our teams are the best
at seeing that difference.
That's why I know
we'll find who has your family.
Now, is there anything
you can tell us about Greg
or Colleen or the the kids,
anything that can help
find this man?
Greg won't let anyone
hurt his family.
Not without
a hell of a fight.
Good.
See, that's--that's good.
You just said that
Greg being a fighter is a good thing,
and we both know
that that is not true.
The unsub is gonna see it
as some sort of Alpha male challenge,
which is not good
at all.
I know.
But right now they
need to feel hopeful.
Ok. I hadn't thought
of that.
There's plenty
of hidden cameras,
but no sign
of the unsub inside.
He must have waited
in the van
and got a view of
the Sullivans from there.
Or weather caused a delay,
which made them miss
the shuttle.
There's no way the unsub
planned any of that.
It says a lot that
his victim ideals
matter more
than when he strikes.
So in each case, he watched,
he waited, and hunted
until the right family
came along.
This bastard's been
searching for his next vics.
He's been here
before last night.
He's been building his trap.
The only thing he hadn't
planned was who he'd take.
We need to check footage
going back to the first of April.
I have 15 vans like that
and lots of drivers
from the states,
but I don't know him.
Ok. Thanks.
Thank you.
Have you traveled much
with your son?
Not a lot, no.
Have you ever wanted
to just lock him away
until the world's
a safe place?
Then he'd never get out.
Yeah.
Last time I saw you,
you said
there was a lead
in your brother's case.
Oh, it was a dead end.
He's in Thailand, right?
Yeah. Classic naive
American abroad for the first time.
Victimization is the last
thing on his mind
because he thought carrying
a U.S. passport meant he was protected.
Any other suspects?
I've been trying
to put the pieces together,
but the few postcards I got
before it all went sideways
painted this grand adventure.
I keep looking at
who was in his stories.
Was it the girl
he wrote about?
Was it the guys he went
rock climbing with?
Someone knew he was
the perfect patsy
and they framed him.
If you ever want me to take
a look at the case, I'd be happy to.
Thanks, Hotch.
A fresh pair of eyes
would be great.
I'll take you up on that.
Excuse me.
Hey, ladies,
you need a ride?
Is this your van?
No, not one of mine.
I give you a ride
anywhere.
Best cabs in town.
Yes. Ok. What you want
to do is make a left...
Hotch: Lily.
Hotch: Go left!
No weapon.
Cash and cocaine.
Lily: Any I.D.?
He just got here.
It's not him.
He's all yours.
Please, daddy, stop!
I won't do it again!
It's always your fault!
I can't breathe!
Thanks, Garcia.
The dynamic duo narrowed it down
to 1,000 Americans
who visited Aruba and Barbados,
but they need our help.
Want to search visas?
Americans don't need
a visa here.
Well, damn.
Where's your head?
Well, this guy needs
privacy,
and he's got
a lot of it here.
There's hundreds of acres
of undeveloped and isolated land.
So he knows the area well enough
to cover his tracks.
No!
Ok.
We have tastes from England, Portugal,
Spain, and west Africa.
And this is my absolute
favorite, flying fish.
Do you guys eat like
this wherever you go?
Pretty much.
If you ever need another consultation,
you know where to find me.
So you said
there was good news?
Yeah, Garcia and Monty
sent us some footage.
It should be on both screens.
We got this guy trolling
inside and outside the terminal
over the past two weeks.
He's focused on families at night,
when they're exhausted.
But there's this.
Morgan: Yeah,
and clock his footwork.
Ok, that move would have
sent me to my masseuse.
This guy's athletic
and he's strong.
And he's younger
than we thought.
Go ahead, Kate.
We reviewed
the M.E. reports
and confirmed that the unsub
externalizes rage,
specifically towards
the two fathers.
There was an escalation
on the last victim, Mr. Isaacs.
Water torture
and whipping marks,
likely from the same belt
used to kill him.
Sounds like he's
getting revenge.
Given his youth
and the anger,
he's not trying to fill the father role
like we initially thought.
He's inserting himself
as the firstborn child
who has the most rage
at his father.
Man: Hey! don't just
stand there, reel it in!
You're doing it wrong.
Hotch: We believe we're
looking for a white male
in his early to mid-20s.
But how does one guy
control and kill entire families?
Do you think he's got
an accomplice?
We ruled that out in Aruba.
His obsessions are
too personal to share.
It's his intense preparation
that gives him the upper hand.
Given his age
and his aggression,
he's an internal annihilator.
His victims are surrogates
for his own dysfunctional family.
Once he gets them alone, he isolates
the greatest physical threat, the father.
This makes him feel superior.
And he thrives
on that power.
It gives him the
confidence he needs
to charm them
and harm them.
Fitz: Sounds like a wolf
in sheep's clothing.
Jack: Something like that.
And what we've learned about unsubs
on foreign soil is they're adaptable,
both socially and culturally.
It's the level of intelligence that often
makes them more dangerous.
Lily: The fathers
are the last to die,
forced to watch each family
member be killed.
His abuse or neglect
made him feel angry and alone.
The damage was done
long ago
and imprinted on him.
Hotch: And he won't
back away from this.
He's driven to kill
these families.
Fitz, we need the locals
back out there.
Someone has seen this man.
Blow it out.
Daddy, please.
Blow it out!
Do it!
There you go.
Shh.
Stop crying!
You ruin everything!
I told you to shut up!
Shut up!
Don't touch her!
What are you
gonna do about it?
Hmm?!
Nothing!
Sit down!
Clear the table!
Listen to me.
I've counted 6 families that he passed
up because they weren't his ideal.
They have no clue
how close he was to them.
It gives me the jeebies.
Hey.
You there?
Uh, yeah.
Check this out.
Oh, you're a good egg.
It keeps me motivated.
My mom used to draw.
Well, that makes sense.
It's in the genes.
Ok. What do you got
besides mad skills?
Ok. These license plates
are from all over.
He didn't just steal
tags from the VW bus.
Each day
he's got a new one.
That's a serious
forensic countermeasure.
He's taking a risk
stealing all these tags.
Where's he getting them from?
Someplace
they won't miss them.
Junkyards?
Ah, see, but this one
traces back to a rental car.
No one ever reported the tags stolen.
It happens all the time.
Criminals target people
who won't report crimes.
They figure
you're on vacation,
you don't want to be inconvenienced
with a police report.
No one ever thinks
something this small could be a clue
to a bigger crime,
but it is,
and that's how
our trails run cold.
Then we have think
like he does,
find easy targets
for plenty of tags.
Hit me.
This is interesting.
The first kills in Aruba
were less organized
and lacked the intense torture
we saw in Florida
with the Isaacs.
Well, maybe it's because he had a year
in between kills to perfect his game.
It could be, but what if
it's more than that?
What if his rage in Florida
was some kind of statement?
Like what?
I'm gonna punish the Americans
on American soil.
So something bad happened
to him in Florida.
And I think it must have
involved water.
Why would you say that?
All the fathers showed signs
of near drowning,
but we never figured out why.
I double-checked the salinity levels
in the fathers' lungs.
In Aruba it was freshwater,
but in Mr. Isaacs' case,
it was a combination
of fresh and saltwater.
Well, the Everglades
are fresh,
the Gulf and Atlantic
are salt.
Where do they meet?
At the Florida Bay,
but that's the bottom of the state.
That would have been a 5-hour car ride
from the abduction site.
Well, the Isaacs were found an hour
outside of Orlando,
so, what did he do, abduct
them from the airport,
drive south to torture them,
then drive another 5 hours
to the dump site?
I know this guy is cocky, but he
wouldn't keep them on the road that long.
Agreed. Way too risky.
So what if he didn't
take the risk?
What are you
thinking?
He abducted them in Orlando.
He could drive them to the coast.
That's only an hour away.
Then he gets them to
one of these beach towns,
say, Cocoa, Daytona,
Melbourne,
transfers them to the
secluded, controlled environment
we know he needs
for the torture.
But the journey south
and then north would take 24 hours.
He's got them on a boat.
Sit down.
Uhh!
Get his gun! Run!
Run!
Run! Run!
Hurry! Go, go, go!
Yeah, hey.
I need some Intel
on marinas around here.
He has contacts
everywhere.
Yeah.
It's that military
brotherhood.
There's nothing
else like it.
Well, that's gotta
come in handy.
The boat would have launched
from somewhere isolated.
We can narrow this down
by looking at the boats
12 to 24 miles from shore.
Wouldn't he go farther out?
He doesn't need to.
Barbados has no jurisdiction
once he's in
international waters.
Then he'll never be charged for his crimes.
That can't be legal.
The law of the ship is the law
of the country whose flag he's flying.
My guess is he's done
his research
and registered to a country that doesn't
have the resources to prosecute.
We're tracking all vessels
large enough to hold 4 people captive.
He doesn't risk a long drive,
so we're looking for marinas
closest to the airport.
Problem is, there's a dock
in every direction.
Ok, my contact says there's
an industrial marina
about a half an hour
from the airport.
It's isolated. It probably would have
been quiet last night.
We'll come with you.
Go check it out.
I got water and air reinforcements
waiting on your call.
We can't do a blind search.
If he knows we're onto him,
he'll kill the Sullivans.
This is your fault.
Your fault!
Yeah, this is definitely it.
Same license plate.
Looks like he used Rohypnol,
like you said.
Colorless, odorless, tasteless.
That makes them easier
to control.
There's not a lot of foot traffic out here,
even during the day.
We could try a canvass, but my guess
is he was probably too quick
to be spotted.
And he left his keys
in the cup holder.
So what do you want to bet...
Tank's almost full.
30 miles from
the airport to here.
He filled up the night
he took the Sullivans.
Garcia: Hey.
Hey, baby girl.
Hey, handsome. I was
just about to call you.
Well, ladies first.
And a gent, don't forget.
Oh, that's right.
My bad.
How you doin', Monty?
Hey, Morgan.
So Monty, wonder person,
found about a dozen license plates
that scumbag
had put on the van.
He stole a few off of rental cars
and took the rest
off of old cars at a repair shop
near the airport.
Was there a gas station?
Indeed.
Security footage?
You know it.
Garcia: We're sending it
to your phones now.
There he is.
Didn't see the camera,
did you?
Or he's just a cocky
son of a bitch.
Hey, Monty, can you run this guy's
mug through facial recognition?
It's going now, but they're
processing 8 million images.
Even with the bonded T-1
it could take a while.
We don't have a while.
We're hitting a dead end
with unsolved cases involving water.
I've been thinking
we should look at solved cases.
This unsub isn't old enough to be
a hardened criminal.
But his countermeasures
and his confidence
feel like he's had
a lot of practice.
So what if he were
a budding psychopath?
We should check homicides
going back to his teens.
Lily, cross with juvenile
custody worldwide.
And check which countries
have blue and orange in their flags.
Or sports teams. There's a reason
he chose those colors.
We just haven't
found it yet.
You don't think
he's American?
He has some sort of
connection to the states.
That's why he's attacking
American families.
Now that we feel that he may have
committed murder,
it's doubtful that state
would grant him a passport.
What country would?
Plenty.
Wait, but if he was guilty
of something horrific before,
wouldn't he still
be locked up?
Not necessarily.
Remember when Natalee Holloway
disappeared?
It'll be 10 years ago
in May.
The prime suspect was never
put away despite our profile.
He was free.
And 5 years later to the day,
he abducted and killed
another young woman in Peru.
Reid: Van der Sloot
went dormant,
but his underlying homicidal
behavior grew stronger.
That definitely
could have happened here.
Kate: That means the Everetts
in Aruba reignited his devious fantasies.
So if they weren't his first
victims, who were?
His own family.
Narrow it down to sons
who killed their fathers.
That's it.
What?
Look at this.
The only sign of outward
frustration.
He nearly gets hit
by a car. Right here.
Instead of yelling
at the driver, he holds it in.
Then he has
a passive-aggressive moment.
He taps the center
of his head like this.
That's a gesture, and it means stupid
or crazy in Dutch culture.
Oranje. The Netherlands
soccer team.
That's why he's wearing
a blue and orange hat.
He's not American.
Lily.
Already on it.
It's ok.
Don't touch him!
Get away from him.
This is it.
The Tidwell family
was massacred in their hotel
room while on holiday in 2004.
Physical and behavioral
evidence
pointed to the troubled
15-year-old son Jerry.
He was declared
temporarily insane
and hospitalized
until he was 21.
If Tidwell's the unsub, is there a connection
to the month of April?
April 9 was his father's
birthday.
The core of his rage.
His father videotaped his abuse, and his
American stepmother
and half-siblings were spared.
That's why he's
attacking Americans
and punishing
the whole family.
Go ahead, Garcia.
Got a match.
Jerry Tidwell was released,
went to go live in Aruba
with his uncle
who has a fishing charter
business.
Now, the uncle died
two years ago.
Tidwell inherited the business and
has been on the move every since.
Jack: Send us the specs
for the boat.
Done and done.
He probably disabled
the automated identification system,
so we're forced
to track the vessel by size.
Let's see how many 75-foot
boats are offshore.
We need live satellite
images.
Already done.
White and black boat
isolated from the others.
There it is.
Can you monitor from here?
You got it.
Fitz, we need heat
signatures for 5 bodies.
Choppers are standing by.
Aah!
Come here.
No, no!
Get over here!
No!
No! No!
Let him go!
Come here!
No! No!
Let him go!
No!
Nick!
Shut up!
Stop crying!
Aah!
Stop it.
No!
Stop it!
Get your hands off her!
Stop it right now.
Leave her alone!
Run!
Run, Alison! Run!
Aah!
Olly olly oxen free!
Please...Please...
Aah!
Uhh!
Boy: I'm sorry!
I'll be good!
Man: Come here, boy!
Please, Daddy, stop!
I'll give you something
to cry about!
Move!
Move! Get up!
Do you want to run next?
Huh? Do you want to run next?
Morgan: Tidwell! FBI!
Daddy, help me, please!
Just stop!
This is your fault!
Drop the weapon!
Shut up!
Alison, look at me,
all right?
Eyes over here.
Focus on me. That's it.
Jack: Let the girl go!
You don't have to do this!
You don't know what he did!
You don't know!
I don't, but you don't
have to die today. Drop the gun!
Shut up!
Alison! Eyes over here!
Look at me!
Let the girl go!
I told you to shut up!
Alison, drop!
Mommy!
Our son is overboard!
Our son! He threw
our son overboard!
The son is overboard!
I repeat, the son is overboard!
We need open water
search and rescue now!
Copy.
Open sea rescue.
Come on! Come on!
Lily: We got something.
Nick!
Oh, Nick!
Greg: Nick! Oh!
I love you so much.
Oh, my god. Ohh...
I mean, talk about
a total surprise.
I'm not just a dad,
I'm a granddad.
Well, congratulations.
That's fantastic.
So, how's Karen.
She's great.
You know, I gotta tell you,
it's admirable
that you two
have made it work.
What's your secret?
Uh, simple, really.
I know I'm a better person
with her beside me.
And she knows that I won't
stop doing everything I can
to make the world
a safer place
for our kids
to grow up in.
And how are the kids?
Ryan just got into
the Academy.
No kidding.
Yeah.
It's just
all I ever wanted
is to protect my children
from all we've seen,
and now Ryan will be
right in the line of fire.
Well, he's learned
from the best.
How are the Sullivans?
They're better.
So, how many of these
do you think we've solved?
Mm, enough for
another best-seller.
These are the endings
we want.
Amen to that.
Cheers.
Ohh!
♪ stories should I tell ♪
♪ but I'm happy
when it turned out well ♪
♪ whose strings do I hold ♪
♪ can I call any place my home ♪
♪ I'm gonna rock myself ♪
♪ to really sleep ♪
♪ and I tell myself ♪
♪ Don't get caught too deep ♪
♪ 'cause I know by now ♪
♪ this is right for me ♪
Jack: "Coming together
is a beginning.
"Keeping together is progress.
Working together is success."
Henry Ford.
♪ ...for me ♪
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org